DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/update-nodejs-agent.mdx

  - Agents
  - Nodejs agent
  - Installation and configuration

> metaDescription: 'How to update your APM Node.js agent, and notes on EOL support for early agent versions.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: How to update your APM Node.js agent, and notes on EOL support for early agent versions.
```
